src/TODO.md, before:

# Branch refactor-calendar

## What I am doing:

Following https://blog.nrwl.io/using-ngrx-4-to-manage-state-in-angular-applications-64e7a1f84b7b 
I try to understand how Effect() work. The idea is that going to a ROUTE dispatch an action that is
handled by HomeEffects. 

the current step is go to the main route /home/monthly and console.log in HomeEffect that an action is being dispatch (although still not handled)... now I have an error which I dont' know where is coming from.

## What I have to do: 

- 1. - 4. Move methods to proper place

ää What it pending: 

- 1. Encapsulate Form and avoid repanting. 
- 2. Renable Calendar Form: Notice: CalendarForm still repaints after scrolling. The problem is in the year selected section! why? it is a performance issue and has to be solved together with renabling the calendar
- 3. replace github @ngrx dependencies for npm

## Architecture notes: 

> in Calendar Component

<Month [monthData]="monthData" ngFor="monthData in yearData"> 

monthData has all render information for rendering a complete month. That is array of Weeks containing array of Days. (Similar what we have right now, but improved and refactored). 
monthData has an array on weekData 

> In Month Component

Using monthData for the current month iterates on array of weeks for rendering weeks component. 
weekData has an array on dayData

<Week [weekData]="weekData ngFor="weekData in monthData>

> In Week Component

Using WeekData for the current Week iterats on array ow weeks for rendering the day component

<Day [dayData]="dayData" nfFor="dayData in WeekData>

dayData contains strictly calendar information for rendetind:

date: moment
isToday: boolean
isCurrentMonth: boolean

> In Day Component

Once a day component is rendered it has properties and state.

** Dont' mix render objects with state containers in model **

Recomended read: 

https://medium.com/@charliegreenman/redux-vs-rxjs-ngrx-store-db6066058719

https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html

https://vsavkin.com/managing-state-in-angular-2-applications-caf78d123d02#.5s50qv6y1

https://blog.nrwl.io/using-ngrx-4-to-manage-state-in-angular-applications-64e7a1f84b7b

https://blog.nrwl.io/managing-state-in-angular-applications-22b75ef5625f

Commit message:

add effects for home/monthly route and dispatch HC action

src/TODO.md, after:

# Branch refactor-calendar

## What I am doing:

Following https://blog.nrwl.io/using-ngrx-4-to-manage-state-in-angular-applications-64e7a1f84b7b 
I implement Effect() and all ngrx philosophy to make sleepdiary.io to follow the redux pattern. 

For a given url 'home/monthly' trigger the related effect -> Effect dispatch action -> Reducer
-> Next steps (3)
 payload from request has to be set in the action
 set action type and remove hardcoded.
 Reducer has to be implemented


## What I have to do: 

- 1. - 4. Move methods to proper place

ää What it pending: 

- 1. Encapsulate Form and avoid repanting. 
- 2. Renable Calendar Form: Notice: CalendarForm still repaints after scrolling. The problem is in the year selected section! why? it is a performance issue and has to be solved together with renabling the calendar
- 3. replace gith 4ub @ngrx dependencies for npm

## Architecture notes: 

> in Calendar Component

<Month [monthData]="monthData" ngFor="monthData in yearData"> 

monthData has all render information for rendering a complete month. That is array of Weeks containing array of Days. (Similar what we have right now, but improved and refactored). 
monthData has an array on weekData 

> In Month Component

Using monthData for the current month iterates on array of weeks for rendering weeks component. 
weekData has an array on dayData

<Week [weekData]="weekData ngFor="weekData in monthData>

> In Week Component

Using WeekData for the current Week iterats on array ow weeks for rendering the day component

<Day [dayData]="dayData" nfFor="dayData in WeekData>

dayData contains strictly calendar information for rendetind:

date: moment
isToday: boolean
isCurrentMonth: boolean

> In Day Component

Once a day component is rendered it has properties and state.

** Dont' mix render objects with state containers in model **

Recomended read: 

https://medium.com/@charliegreenman/redux-vs-rxjs-ngrx-store-db6066058719

https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html

https://vsavkin.com/managing-state-in-angular-2-applications-caf78d123d02#.5s50qv6y1

https://blog.nrwl.io/using-ngrx-4-to-manage-state-in-angular-applications-64e7a1f84b7b

https://blog.nrwl.io/managing-state-in-angular-applications-22b75ef5625f
